## 28/11/23 
* While I understood a lot of the basics of my code and that some pieces were essential, I was confused on them. One example of this was the Normalize function. I didn't know what it did and now I know that makes it so speeds on the x and y axis will be the same and won't go faster on a diagonal if both are pressed.
* I also found out about lerps and slerps which is where it calculates the smallest amount of distance that it can take to get to a position. Lerp does it for straight lines and Slerp does it for circles.
## 2/12/23 
* When I was making thw Interact Manager code, I found it quite easy to make until I got to the Raycast part, at first I was confused whether to put the script in the Update or Fixed Update section and found out that because a Raycast is Physics based, it belongs in Fixed Update.
* I found that when the code was running, it wouldn't detect when an object was interacted with. This is because the Raycast shoots from the player's centre and actually ends up hitting it's own hitbox. To fix this, I disabled the Player on Player layer interaction so that it just ignores the Player and instead goes to the next object in front. (*Edit: This was still useful but I ended up using exclude layer within the code so it doesn't mess with the physics engine too much*)
* When looking into making loads of if statements, I discovered the switch expression which is essentially a shortened if statement lines-wise. It puts in the first half of the statement, in this case "hit.collider.tag" and then within the code you put case and then what it should equal to (in this case being "Door, Button, Enemy"). Finally, you put the break action to break you out of the loop.
## 03/12/23 
* Today I tried to make a door script which will open the door when triggered. An issue which I had a problem with when trying to make the door script was for the door to stay open for a specific amount of time. I eventually discovered that you could use a thing called a Coroutine and the WaitForSeconds execution to wait for the desired number of seconds. After adding the animations for the door, all I needed to do was appropriately change the values.
## 09/12/23 
* I now needed to create a simple Enemy script. The enemy, when spawned, should b-line for the player and (when hit) will take 1 hit point from the player. After successfully coding this, as well as detecting and getting destroyed when the player hits the enemy, I discovered that the script still wouldn't run. This confused me because I knew my code was correct. It turns out that a onTriggerEnter needs one of the objects to be a rigidbody (which I forgot to add) so I spent 2 hours debugging when I could've just googled the parameters for OnTrigger. Lesson learnt haha.
* I decided to import my scripts from the new input system to a much simpler file which I could create the tutorials for. The file would instead call for Unity's old input system. Some issues I encountered was getting the correct naming convention for left click as well as which Update to put everything inside. I decided that for simplicities' sake, all of the Updates would occur in Update().
* After Implimenting all of the scripts into a working game, I had to then create other scripts around them. Another Script which I made was the Randomiser script. This script would pick a number between 1 and 100 and depending on the number it lands on, would Instantiate a different object. The only issue I had with this script was getting the Instantiated object to spawn at the position of the object that the script was applied to. I also decided to add a random open time in the door script which randomly opens the door, causing the enemies to spawn sometimes when the player isn't looking at them. This makes the game much harder.